[docs] move getting started guide from blog post to docs (#7812)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/01-getting-started.md

---
title: Getting started
---

---

To try Svelte in an interactive online environment you can try [the REPL](https://svelte.dev/repl) or [StackBlitz](https://node.new/svelte).

To create a project locally, run:
```
npm create vite@latest myapp -- --template svelte
cd myapp
npm install
npm run dev
```

Or use [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), the official application framework from the Svelte team (currently in beta).

> See the SvelteSociety website run by the Svelte community for a list of integrations with various [tooling and editots](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools).

Author: ```suggestion
The Svelte team maintains a [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) and the Svelte community has created a list of integrations with various other [tooling and editors](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools).
```
